feat(v2): allow non sidebar category to be first item of sidebar (#2032)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/sidebar.md

## Sidebar object

A sidebar object is defined like this.

```typescript
type Sidebar = {
  [sidebarId: string]: {
    [sidebarCategory: string]: SidebarItem[];
  } | SidebarItem[];
}
```

> Below is an example of a sidebar object. The key `docs` is the id of the sidebar (can be renamed to something else) and `Getting Started` is a category within the sidebar. `greeting` and `doc1` is just a [Sidebar Item](#sidebar-item).

Reviewer: grammar: greeting and doc1 -are- sidebar items.

(im on a mobile device so not convenient to commit directly)

> Below is an example of a sidebar object. The key `docs` is the id of the sidebar (can be renamed to something else) and `Getting Started` is a category within the sidebar. `greeting` and `doc1` is just a [Sidebar Item](#sidebar-item).

Author: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a sidebar object. The key `docs` is the id of the sidebar (can be renamed to something else) and `Getting Started` is a category within the sidebar. `greeting` and `doc1` are both [sidebar item](#sidebar-item).
```
